Göksu Şenerkek

Before I started the project, I was quite pessimistic. I thought that the project would not be finished and I saw the project as a very difficult target. 
When I started to do the project, I saw that it was actually not that difficult and could be done easily with teamwork. 
In particular, I learned new things such as using and connecting to the database. We worked as a team while learning new things. 
The most challenging thing for me in this regard was the use of github and the codes were constantly getting mixed up. 
If I started the project once again, I would like to get a faster interface by making database improvement. 
I spent almost 1 week on the project, including only the code and GUI design phase. 
In addition, we have thought about the project stages in before as many times. 
Taking part in such a project gave me experience. Now think that I can develope new Java Apps much better.
  
H. Emre Taş 

It was my biggest and hardest project. I learned a lot how to search effectively, collobrate with teammates effectively. I realised that
coding is not big part of the problem since design is more important. Most parts of our code would be more effecient such that one can more easily
edit the code. We should have spend more on designing code. Overall, it was worth it to work so hard.
  
 
Eren Karakaş

I learned new technologies such as APIs and databases. Also, this project was the biggest project 
I have ever done, so I learned a lot about operating in a team. Updating the project and debugging 
was sometimes hard with four different people working on the project, but it was not too bad. For me, 
the most challenging aspect of the project was trying to code similarly to other members when everyone 
is working at the same time. If I had to start over, I would be more focused on using GitHub effectively
with group members. I spent a week or two purely coding and a lot more time planning before that, similar 
to other group members. I am proud of what we achieved.
  
Amir Aliyev

While working on this project I strenghened my understanding of Java. I also learned how to use various Java Libraries.
Additionally working with a group taught me a lot about teamwork and how important communication is. Considering time limit 
we had working with team of 4 was really hard but in the end we managed to complete project. If i had to start over I would 
explore more Libraries to add to our projet thus making it more efficient. Additionally, I would focus on GitHub even more as
keeping it updated regulary is very important for project. For the last implementation part I spent around 10 days for coding. 
But the planning and research processes started way before and it took us weeks to come up with a final idea on how to implement 
the project. I think it was a good experience to take part in this project especially with great teammates like mine. Even though 
it was not a perfect project I think we did a really decent job considering the conditions. In the end I can say that I am proud 
of myself and my teammates for the work we have done.
